Create ui-c8y-1023-58-2-set-focus-on-widget-search-when-selecting-widget-for-dashboard-11447.md (#4407)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-58-2-set-focus-on-widget-search-when-selecting-widget-for-dashboard-11447.md

---
date: ""
title: Set focus on widget search input when selecting a widget for the dashboard
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66273
version: 1023.58.2
---

> When adding a widget to your dashboard, the search field in the widget selection dialog now automatically receives focus, allowing you to immediately start typing to search for widgets without needing to manually click on the search input field first. This improves the user experience by reducing the number of interactions required to find and add widgets to your dashboard, making the widget selection process more intuitive and efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a widget to a dashboard, the search field in the widget selection dialog now automatically receives focus, allowing you to immediately start typing to search for widgets without manually clicking the search input field first. This improves the user experience by reducing the number of interactions required to find and add widgets to your dashboard, making the widget selection process more intuitive and efficient.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Set focus on widget search when selecting widget for dashboard (#11447) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11485)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Set focus on widget search input when selecting a widget for the dashboard
```
